TiannaBot
Terms of Service

By utilizing the Bot in any manner, you acknowledge that you have read, understood, and agree to be bound by these Terms of Service.

You are also responsible for informing the members in your discord server about these terms.

You agree not to use the Bot for any unlawful purpose or in any way that violates the Discord Terms of Service.
This includes but is not limited to: spamming, harassing, or engaging in any activity that disrupts the normal functioning of the Bot or Discord servers.

The Bot may display content, including text or images.
You understand and agree that the developer of the Bot is not responsible for the accuracy or completeness generated by the Bot.

The developer of the Bot reserves the right to modify or discontinue the Bot (or any part thereof) at any time, with or without notice.
You agree that the developer shall not be liable to you or any third party for any modification, suspension, or discontinuation of the Bot.

TiannaBot is provided on an "as is" basis.

Individuals of minimal age required to use Discord, as described in their Terms of Service may use this bot and its features.

The developers of the Bot reserve the right, at their sole discretion, to modify or replace these Terms of Service at any time.
It is your responsibility to review these Terms periodically for changes.
Your continued use of the Bot following the posting of any changes to these Terms constitutes acceptance of those changes.

If you do not agree with any of these terms, you are prohibited from using or adding any version of TiannaBot to your server.


Privacy Policy
TiannaBot respects your privacy and is committed to protecting any personal information you may provide while using our services.
We want to make it clear that TiannaBot does not collect or store any personal data from users.

While TiannaBot may generate responses based on the content of your messages or commands, these interactions are transient and do not result in the retention of any personal data.